Update FHIR formatters (#1759)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/fhir-connector/fhir-connector-example.md

> **Note**: If no ID element is provided, or the value is wrong, the server responds with a HTTP 400 error code and provides an operation outcome identifying the issue.

> Before you start configuring the  FHIR connector, you also need WSO2 MI, and we refer to that location as `<PRODUCT_HOME>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start configuring the FHIR connector, you also need to download WSO2 EI, and we refer to that location as `<PRODUCT_HOME>`.
```
